It's never too late
to recapture the benefits of Section 28.
And it's never too wild
to change GCSE grade boundaries,
the only victim is the child.
And oh, who's gonna be my Martin Luther King?
And I'll say, who's gonna be my Harvey Milk?
And on the steps of parliament, they're demonstrating
but what's the use when they're all cut from the same Eton silk?
I'll say farwell, farwell to welfare.
And we've got a recession to beat.
So let's more money into the jubilee and a millionaire in Downing Street
And we've all got to pay the bills
when we all work for nothing, I don't see how we ever will.
If I keep my receipts, can I claim back the mistakes and the lives ruined by this government?
Or in another 18 years of budget cuts and tears,
will the people pay for those, just like we pay your rent?
And say farewell, farewell to welfare.
Well give me change, give me equality.
Give me a minister for women that don't represent me.
Give me a decent, honest Nick who's on the level,
until the first glimpse of power, he'll make a deal with the devil.
And you tell me that this is democracy
And you tell me that it ain't no 'all boys club'.
And as the thousands march on Westminster
Look how quickly their demands are snubbed.
And you ask me: "Where is the youth vote?"
Well they didn't let me in,
so you'll find me in the pub,
raising a toast, to the ghost of welfare.
And I used to dream of a Britain where I'd be proud to bring up kids.
These days, I'd settle for a Britain where I'd be allowed to bring up kids.
And, Mrs May, if I may be so bold as to say that your archaic view of family holds no relevance today.
If you think that honest people really should be turned away
from IVF and B&Bs just because they're gay,
I suggest you stop requesting that we continue to pay our taxes to a party that's held us back all the way.
I'll take my business and my produce and my income tax elsewhere, I'll say farwell, farewell to welfare.
I'll say farewell, farewell to welfare.
They'll say to hell, to hell with welfare.
I'll say farewell, farewell, I'll say farewell, farewell,
well I'll say farewell, farewell to welfare.
